Add VS Code setup steps for RSKj (#830)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/node/contribute/macos.md

This will download and set important components (e.g. Gradle Wrapper).

## IntelliJ IDEA setup

### Compiling the node 

Now, you can launch IntelliJ IDEA.

> When IntelliJ IDEA is launched you should have a window with different choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When IntelliJ IDEA is launched you should have a window with different options.
```

- Use classpath of module: `rskj-core_main`
- JRE need to be set as: `Default (1.8 - SDK of 'rsk-core_main' module)`

#### Running the node

> We are ready to run the node using IDEA, just press the *Start* (green arrow) button at the right of the configuration we've just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are ready to run the node using IDEA, just press the *Start* (green arrow) button at the right of the configuration just created.
```

> Inside the field `Program arguments` in your run configuration.

Reviewer: This sentence is incomplete

## Visual Studio Code setup

### Recommended Plugins

- [Extension Pack for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack).
- [Gradle Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-gradle)

#### Visual Studio Configuration Files:

In order to setup JDK configuration, we use `.vscode/settings.json`. Here we can setup the latest JDK for [Extension Pack for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack), then use the recommended version for RSKj, for instance:

**.vscode/settings.json**
```
{
   "java.jdt.ls.java.home": "/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/temurin-17.jdk/Contents/Home",
   "java.configuration.runtimes": [
      {
        "name": "JavaSE-1.8",
        "path": "/Library/Internet Plug-Ins/JavaAppletPlugin.plugin/Contents/Home",
        "default": true
      },
      {
        "name": "JavaSE-17",
        "path": "/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/temurin-17.jdk/Contents/Home",
      },
    ]

> }

Reviewer 2: same comment as the one on the linux page - explain how to obtain these paths

Author: done

```

> In this example we have setup `Java 17` for [Extension Pack for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack) to work as expected and the default java compiler is `Java 1.8`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we have setup `Java 17` for [Extension Pack for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack) to work as expected and the default java compiler is `Java 1.8`
```

In order to build, run or debug RSKj, we use `.vscode/launch.json`. Here we can setup the commands that will be used to run our application, for instance:

**.vscode/launch.json**
```
{
    // Use IntelliSense to learn about possible attributes.
    // Hover to view descriptions of existing attributes.
    // For more information, visit: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=830387
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
        {
            "type": "java",
            "name": "Run RSK Start",
            "request": "launch",
            "mainClass": "co.rsk.Start",
            "args" : "--testnet -Xkeyvalue.datasource=leveldb"
        }
    ]
}
```

In this example we are going to run the application with the following arguments: `--testnet -Xkeyvalue.datasource=leveldb`.

#### Running the project

We are ready to run the node using Visual Studio Code, select your configuration from `launch.json` within `Run and Debug`.

![img](/assets/img/rsk/howToInstallAndRun/VSCode_Launch.png)

Click on `start (green play icon at the left of your configuration name)`.

![img](/assets/img/rsk/howToInstallAndRun/VSCode_Run.png)

> Debug tools menu shows up at the top of the IDE window, were you could run step by step and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A debug tools menu shows up at the top of the IDE window, were you could run the node step by step!
```

#### Building the project with Gradle in Visual Studio Code

> In order to build the project using `Gradle` we can simply go to the respective tab. There, we should be able to see all available `Gradle` configurations from the application. Select the project to be built and double-click the desired `Gradle Task`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to build the project using `Gradle`, we can simply go to the respective tab. On tab, we should be able to see all available `Gradle` configurations from the application. Select the project to be built and double-click the desired `Gradle Task`.
```

![img](/assets/img/rsk/howToInstallAndRun/VSCode_Gradle.png)

#### Testing in Visual Studio Code

In order to run tests, we can simply go to the `Testing` tab where you can see all the tests. We can also go directly to the test file and right-click the icon at the left of a declaration of a test and then decide to either run or debug the test.

![img](/assets/img/rsk/howToInstallAndRun/VSCode_Test_Debug.png)

## Any problems?

> We hope the [troubleshooting section](/rsk/node/troubleshooting) can help you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [troubleshooting section](/rsk/node/troubleshooting), hope it helps!
```
